Add documentation for form limits & improve configuration via context attributes (#12560)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty/modules/operations-guide/pages/security/configuring-form-size.adoc

Forms can be a vector for denial-of-service attacks, since significant memory and CPU can be consumed if a malicious client sends very large form content or a large number of form keys.
Thus, Jetty limits the amount of data and keys that can be in a form posted to Jetty.

The default maximum size Jetty permits is 200000 bytes and 1000 keys.
You can change this default for a particular web application or for all web applications on a particular `Server` instance.

== Configuring Form Limits for a Web Application

To configure the form limits for a single web application, the `WebAppContext` instance can be configured from a context XML file or `WEB-INF/jetty-web.xml` file:

[,xml,subs=attributes+]
----
<Configure class="org.eclipse.jetty.{ee-current}.webapp.WebAppContext">

  ...

  <Set name="maxFormContentSize">200000</Set>
  <Set name="maxFormKeys">200</Set>
</Configure>

----

These settings can also be set via the following `ServletContext` attributes.

- `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormKeys`
- `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormContentSize`

== Configuring Default Form Limits for the Server

> The default `maxFormKeys` is 1000 and the default `maxFormContentSize` is 200000.
> 
> However, the following system properties can be set to change the default values of this across every context:
> 
> - `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormKeys`
> - `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormContentSize`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following system properties can be used to configure form limits for the entire server, including all contexts without explicit configuration:

- `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormKeys`
- `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Request.maxFormContentSize`.

If not configured for either the server or a specific context, then the default  `maxFormKeys` is 1000 and the default `maxFormContentSize` is 200000.
```

Is there anyway to make a link to the default statics so if they change the document is updated?

Author: I don't think it is possible to do.
